updated documentation for DeepHyper 0.2.5 on ThetaGPU (#30)
argonne-lcf/ThetaGPU-Docs: doc_staging/deephyper.md

# DeepHyper

For more details refer to the [DeepHyper documentation](https://deephyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

The installation procedure of DeepHyper on ThetaGPU can be found on the official documentation of the software ["Installing DeepHyper on ThetaGPU](https://deephyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install/thetagpu.html).

## Example

> From a ThetaGPU login node, you may then initiate an hyperparameter search using the `ray` evaluator through the `ray-submit` command line.  For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a ThetaGPU service node (e.g. `thetagpusn1`), you may then initiate a hyperparameter search using the `ray` evaluator through the `ray-submit` command line.  For instance:
```
